Private Petrocelli. step
away from the goat bomb!
It's not a bomb.
Yeah. that's what they
want you to think.
Now move so I can engage the threat.
Buckley's spirit is in this goat.
You're fucking crazy.
I am not moving.
Yeah. well I ain't getting blown up
by no goddamn suicide goat. either.
It's not a suicide goat.
Don't worry. Boz.
I'm not gonna let
anything happen to you.
Hey. what are you saying to it?
That is none of your business.
Some sort of code?
To a goat?
It's not a bomb; it's a fucking goat.
It's my associate's
fingers in its belly.
Gnarly.
Yeah. and now I gotta
cut that goat open.
And that annoying little shit there
isn't gonna move to the side
unless you put your fucking weapon down.
Well. we don't take orders from you.
But you do take orders from me.
And put that knife away.
Nobody's cuttin' this
poor little animal open.
That's the cutest fuckin'
goat I've ever seen.
Ain't that the cutest fuckin' goat
you've ever seen. Corporal Wittman?
Sir. yes. sir!
You think you can do
whatever you want to
while you're over here.
and maybe you can.
but not while you're on my base.
While you're on my base.
you follow my orders.
- Yes. Colonel.
- Damn right.
You seem unhealthily attached
to this goat. Private.
Just didn't want to see it killed. sir.
Looks like it's been a
while since its last meal.
But no animals on base.
Feed it. give it some
water. get it the hell off.
You hear me. Private?
Yes. sir.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org
I'd like to speak to him alone. please.
Yes. Ma'am!
Get up.
You look very at home in here.
This place is actually bigger
than my CHU. Ma'am.
I need a favor.
There's not much I can do from in here.
If you do this for me.
I'll recommend that
all the charges against you get dropped.
What's the favor?
The LN you brought in the other day
left recovery in bad shape.
If he doesn't get brought back to me
and put on a massive dose
of antibiotics. he's gonna die.
The good-lookin' kid?
His name is Qasem.
He's my patient. and
I'm responsible for him.
And you brought him in.
so I'm assuming you might
know where to find him.
Do you mind if I ask you why
you're taking such an interest
in this particular LN?
- Sergeant!
- Yes. Ma'am!
I'm done with him.
No. wait. wait. wait! Hey. hey. wait!
I can find him and I can bring him back.
Then do it.
Sync & corrections by Costa Dax
www.addic7ed.com
I'm not sure about this.
This mission's keeping
me out of the brig.
so I'd appreciate it if
you got sure about it.
Not like Holloway
to stick her neck out
like this for an LN.
No.
Makes you think there's
an actual human being
under all that regular army.
Come on. Cut her some slack.
She chose putting up with all
your insubordinate bullshit
over being with her family.
Can't wait to see you two get married.
Wanna be my best man?
You get her a ring?
Shit. I didn't think about that.
Give me an onion ring. I don't care.
How romantic.
Guess instead of
honeymooning in Bora Bora.
you guys'll be
honeymooning in Tora Bora.
Laugh all you want.
When we're married.
we're entitled to 300 bucks a month
extra housing allowance.
Marry me.
Let's get this over with.
♪ Somebody tell me to go ♪
Hey.
How are ya?
Mmm.
Sir. I'm getting rid of it.
What becomes of this goat
makes no matter to me. Private.
Glad to hear that. sir.
However. I am keenly interested
in what happened to an ambulance
that disappeared the other day.
Ambulance?
I don't know anything about that.
Oh. really?
Because your name was
on the vehicle manifest.
You seem nervous.
Oh. I'm... I'm fine. sir.
- You're sweating profusely.
- It's hot. sir.
You're visibly shaking.
It's an unfortunate
medical condition. sir.
The truth. Private.
Okay. Roback and Davis made me do it.
They filled it with
expired medical supplies
and took it to the village to trade
- with the warlords for hashish.
- What?
Then the ambulance got
torched by SecCorp guys
but we can't be sure. so
we stole one of their SUVs
after the goat bit off
some guy's fingers
and then hit a landmine
on the way back. sir.
I see.
What are you gonna do to me. sir?
Nothing right now.
It's Roback and Davis that
need to answer for this.
Well. Boz. that was a close one.
You hungry?
Where do we find Qasem?
Petrocelli said he
thought the little brother
came from a house with a green door.
What else did he say?
Nothing. That was it.
Great.
Time to play green door roulette.
Let's start with that one.
- Clear!
Hallway!
All clear.
What now?
We hit every other green
door in the neighborhood.
And wait for everyone
to just invite us in for
sponge cake and espresso?
Well there's nothing here.
so let's start knocking.
God damn.
What the fuck are you doing?
New way to get high?
Smells like burned hair.
This is a real motherfuckin' silk rug.
Worth 30 grand back
home. We're taking it.
I know you're in dire st...
Looks like an ISIS tunnel.
Let's just take the rug and split.
We gotta go down there.
I didn't sign up for this.
Remember when you signed
that little piece of paper
in the recruiting station?
That was you signing up for this.
We're goin' in.
- Next man!
- Coming in.
Coming in!
All clear.
- Who's this?
- My name is Azad.
He's the little brother.
Where's that fuckin' goat?
Uh...
I have no idea.
Well. you damn well
better have some idea.
Look... even if you cut it open.
your fingers would be
totally digested by now.
Yeah. it's not my fingers
I'm looking for. mate.
Huh?
It's my Crimson Tide championship ring
that was on one of those fingers.
That's what I'm fuckin' looking for.
Wait. you played football for Alabama?
One more time:
Where is that fucking goat?
I told you. I don't know.
Yeah. you do.
and if I don't get my finger
back with that ring on it.
I'm gonna take one of yours.
What?
Ow.
You have one hour.
My brother was not well.
He was having great
difficulty breathing.
He became very weak.
He finally had to leave me.
To go where?
He was told the warlord was
in possession of antibiotics.
Our antibiotics.
He has not returned.
I am worried.
We're gonna get him and
we're gonna bring him back
to the hospital at our
base to get better.
One of us is gonna need
to be here with the kid
in case Qasem comes back.
You must leave the woman here with me.
The warlord will have no
interest in dealing with her.
"The woman"?
- You're babysitting.
- No. no. Don't do this to me.
It won't take long. okay?
Give you two a chance to get close.
Here. Boz. Look.
See. see? Yeah.
Come on.
What the hell are you doing?
I am trying to feed it
this horchata grip 'n rip.
Oh. that shit gave me the runs.
Yeah? Well. I am counting on it.
Here. Boz.
Up here.
Here. Come on. here.
Yeah. okay. Atta boy.
There we go.
Yo. I meant it about
you being my best man.
No offense.
but I kinda take this
marriage thing more seriously.
Is that a no?
It's not a no.
Just kinda hoping you two would
take it more seriously. too.
Yeah. well. I'm not Alvarez's type.
- She tell you that?
- Every day.
Besides. I'm not over Durkin.
Unfortunately complicated
by the fact that she's totally over me.
A salaam alaikum! God bless the USA!
Son of a bitch!
Looks like those Afghan Army guys
got that SecCorp SUV running again.
Damn!
Those ANA guys can turn
anything into a technical.
We gotta track it down.
How exactly are we gonna track it down?
There's a way. I just
haven't thought of it. yet.
You keep me posted.
Always the pessimist. amigo.
No?
- That's that.
- Hold on.
Trade?
We don't have anything to trade.
- What do you got on you?
- Supplies and water.
- Me. too.
What about here?
Hey. Hell. no.
It's not gonna happen.
It's time to put away
childish things. amigo.
Gimme your gamer.
I need to at least wipe it first.
I got personal stuff on here.
- Porn?
- Among other things.
Weird. fucked up porn?
Normal. everyday porn.
I'm sure warlords could jerk off. too.
Stop it.
Come on.
Now that you're happy.
let's try this one more time.
- Paghman?
- Paghman.
He's at Paghman Hospital.
- He's probably okay.
- Okay?
What part of Paghman
Hospital do you not get?
Salaam alaikum!
You are not married?
Will be soon.
Is it arranged?
Sort of.
When you are married.
you will have children. yes?
I will have children? No.
And your husband allows this?
It's not up to him.
But he is the man.
I am the woman.
Why do you not want to talk to me?
Is it because I'm a man?
You're not a man!
You're a boy!
And it's because I find your
attitude very annoying.
How lucky you for you
that you happen to be born
with a little pee-pee between those legs
that lets you make all the decisions
for the women in your culture.
You are very angry.
And believe it or not.
you caught me on a good day.
Kid's giving you the finger.
Ah. shit.
Notice he didn't ask for
his wedding ring back.
So we're all good?
You and me?
Yeah. we're all good.
But that fucking goat and me?
Oh. we're far from good.
But you got your ring back.
Fingers are still missing.
Nothing the goat can do about that.
Revenge is not about
remedying a situation.
it's about eye for a fuckin' eye.
You're gonna take the goat's finger?
Didn't know goats had fingers.
They have cloven hooves.
I'm not gonna take the goat's fingers.
I'm gonna take the goat's life.
And I know it's on this base.
and I'm gonna fuckin' find it.
No. you're not.
Yeah.
Kid's not gonna give up
that goat without a fight.
Yeah. I'm gonna find
that fuckin' animal.
and I'm gonna gut it like the
goddamn catch of the day.
He's a great poet.
I know you do not read
a lot. but do not worry.
These poems are short.
A small child could read them.
You really can't help yourself. can you?
I was in the middle
of my all-time high score on that thing.
Well. maybe you should try
reading a book instead. amigo.
The engine on the bird's running.
Let's go.
You have found my brother?
He's at Paghman. We're gonna go get him.
Hey.
Figured only one of you would
be alive when we got back.
I had you. but Davis's
money was on the kid.
I'm never having children.
Especially boys.
We'll discuss this after we're married.
Can't understand a thing.
Can't tell if we've got
permission to land or not.
Sounds like chaos down there.
For better or worse. we're going in.
Do you speak English?
Of course I do. I'm a doctor.
- What happened here?
- Suicide bombing at a wedding.
Look. we're looking for
a patient called Qasem.
Do you have anybody here by that name?
You are kidding me. right?
You are welcome to go
look for him yourself.
but I have no idea where he is.
nor do I have the time
to worry about him.
Is there anything we
can do here to help?
You can find this person
you're looking for
and take him away so I have
one less person to deal with.
Shh. shh.
Let's limit our boots on the
ground time here. okay?
For sure.
That him?
If it is. our work here is done.
I got him!
Hey. can you hear me? Hey.
You again.
Okay. shit.
Okay. Hey.
We're gonna get you out of here. okay?
Door!
We managed to stabilize him on the bird.
but he's still in pretty bad shape.
I'll take it from here. Sergeant.
Who's this?
His little brother.
They're a package deal.
Get that kid and all of his germs
out of my operating room. please!
Thank you.
Let's get him on the table!
How'd you take care of yourself
while your brother was away?
Relatives would feed me.
And since the killing of my
parents shut down the school.
I was no longer a target.
You seem to accept your misfortunes
so much better than I do.
We do not expect everything
to turn out well like you do.
so we're never disappointed.
Hmm.
Gimme a sec. hon.
We were reading about another
one of those suicide bombings.
The boys are getting worried about you.
but I told them you were miles away
from where that stuff happens.
And they believed you?
Well. it doesn't really matter. does it?
- Is that Mom?
- Yeah. it's Mom.
Hi.
Hi. Mom! We miss you.
Don't get blown up.
Don't be an idiot. She's totally safe.
- I am. I'm totally safe.
- That shirt is dirty.
I told you not to wear it.
Now we're gonna be late to school.
Change that. please. Is
Rufus locked out again?
I told you you gotta let
him in after he pees.
It's out of control here.
I love you. Can I call you tomorrow?
Okay. bye.
Hi.
Hey.
You okay?
Mm. Yeah.
Just missing the peace
and quiet of home.
What's up?
I head you sprung Roback from the brig.
Mind if I ask why?
Between you and me?
He did me a solid.
Well. the reason I ask
is that he's suddenly on my radar.
so I need to know if we
consider him friend or foe.
At this specific moment in time. friend.
But I'm sure that'll change in an hour.
That's all I needed to know.
You were right.
I was not ready to leave.
It is possible you may know
more about medicine that I do.
Why do you find the destruction
of confiscated weapons and
explosives entertaining?
Do you not get enough
of this horror in battle?
You have a way of really killing fun.
It is a privilege to be allowed
to be out amongst men at night.
I do not think that you appreciate it.
Don't consider it a perk.
Your culture takes all of
these things for granted.
In my culture.
a mother is expected only to
bring a son into the family.
How can a woman even survive here?
She can be raised as a boy.
What do you mean?
In my culture. some parents
can make the decision
to raise their daughters as sons.
That way we are allowed to
have interactions with men.
allowed to have jobs.
allowed to leave the house at night.
Oh. my God.
You're a girl?
It is true.
I was born female.
Do you feel like a boy?
I feel like Allah has blessed me.
that I was chosen to
have a chance in life.
What happens when you get older?
Life becomes much more
difficult and dangerous.
You mean if someone finds out?
It is not a question
of if they find out.
but rather if they approve.
Well. it's gonna be pretty difficult
to keep your little secret on this base.
Why?
Well. you're gonna have
to shower at some point.
and I'm for sure
not letting you do it with
the men on this base.
Then I will not shower.
You'll have to sleep somewhere.
Unless you want me to
take you back home.
I will never leave my brother again.
Then you're gonna have to
share your little secret with others.
I'm sorry that I got a bit
annoyed with you before.
Your male privilege was
really pissing me off.
You're very good at being a boy.
It is a lot easier than it looks.
The closest ANA base is here.
What if they aren't
stationed at the base?
What if they're floaters
just passing through?
Well. then we'll never
track down the SUV.
there'll be no fight. and we're screwed.
Forget I mentioned it.
If I can just figure out a way to...
Gentlemen.
Sir.
Oh. I had an interesting little
talk with Private Petrocelli.
- He's a good kid.
- Great kid.
Yes. the young lad told me all about
your eventful nocturnal jaunt
through the countryside
the other night.
- Oh. the little shit.
- The kid likes to embellish.
Oh. the tale he told me
needs no embellishment.
It is a tale of sneaking off base
to trade expired medicines
for hashish to a local warlord
and then
burning a military ambulance.
We're not the ones who torched it.
Oh. yes.
The private was quite
clear on that point.
Sir. those meds were
designated to be destroyed.
Or traded for ten pounds
of grade A Afghan hashish. it seems.
The village needed them badly.
Oh. you two are quite the
humanitarians. aren't you?
And they were still perfectly good.
You don't have to tell me.
I hate how big pharma
invents these expiration dates
simply to make more money
by inducing earlier churn on supplies.
It's shameful.
- It is shameful.
- Pisses us off. too.
However. demanding hashish
in return for those drugs?
Mm... is also shameful.
We feel bad. sir.
Oh. I'm sure you do.
Look. I like you both. all right?
You're damn good medics.
And between us.
I have been known to imbibe
on the local Afghan hashish
myself. occasionally.
It is primo.
Be that as it may.
I'm ordering you to destroy
everything you have.
All ten pounds of it.
because if I hear that you are
selling it around the base.
and I will hear about it.
I'll recommend that you
both be court-martialed.
Yes. sir.
Oh. and about that ambulance...
- Yes. sir?
That is property of the
United States Army.
But I'm British Forces. so screw it.
We can't destroy the
hashish. It's all we got.
We may not have to.
Hoo!
Lovely.
What'd you blokes want from me?
We need you to turn it all into edibles
so it'll be easier to hide and move.
- I have the technology.
- Fantastic.
For 50%.
Fuck that!
I'm supposed to do this out
of the kindness of my heart?
We were thinking you
would take it as collateral
for the Sasquatch fight.
So I bloody well am supposed to do this
out of the kindness of my heart.
This fight is gonna be big.
You can stand to make
a shitload of book.
You got Sasquatch to agree to it?
We're working on it.
Then this whole conversation's
just taking place in a dream.
How 'bout this?
If the fight doesn't happen.
you can keep half of it as
payment for the last fight.
Here's an even better deal.
If the fight doesn't happen.
I keep the whole bloody thing.
You just said 50%.
Prices fluctuate.
Okay. fine.
Agreed.
- About this fight. mate.
- Yeah?
I'm gonna want to check out your man.
Make sure he's up to the task
so I can put out decent odds.
I'm not agreeing to anything
until I lay eyes on your boy.
Of course.
And I am not gonna be the one
to convince Sasquatch to fight him.
You blokes are.
- Not gonna be a problem.
- Good.
Now get the hell out of my kitchen
so I can turn this hash into food.
Think you should disguise it as MREs.
Nobody touches those. It'll be safer.
So you know exactly where they are
and you could just
steal 'em back from me?
Do I look like a fuckin'
idiot to you. mate?
Oh. by the way. mate.
It's chicken. All week long.
You got a little
Corporal Buckley in you.
You know that?
You know. he was the
coolest dude I ever met.
He knew the origin story
of every Marvel character by heart.
Even the ones nobody knew.
And he didn't let anyone fuck with me.
I'm not gonna let anyone fuck with you.
but I can't hide you in here forever.
We're gonna get through this.
I got a ton of forms for
you and Roback to sign.
For what?
For the marriage?
Oh. yeah.
You're really not into Roback. huh?
What exactly did he tell you?
Look. don't worry.
I'm not gonna tell anyone.
Sorry if I fucked up
everything with him.
Sasquatch seems
big.
Jesus.
Roback told you everything too. huh?
I'm not judging you.
That's good. 'cause I respect you
even though I know you don't respect me.
I don't really think about you much.
Figured you'd never thought
about me much. either.
You figured wrong.
You go your own way.
You don't care what anyone else thinks.
You're badass.
Hmm.
Glad it comes across as
some sort of inner strength
but it's really not.
Look. I uh...
I need someone to talk to
about putting up with
all the swinging dicks
and girlfriend pickings around here are.
you know. slim.
Um.
I'm not the girlfriend type.
Okay. then who do you
talk personal shit with?
My family.
How ethnically charming.
How typically racist.
Wanna get high?
Roback's not my type.
What is your type?
Someone I come across
when I'm not juggling dismembered limbs
on a daily basis.
If you're gonna be that picky.
you're never gonna find anyone.
Roback and Sasquatch are nothing like.
How'd you end up caught between them?
My dad is a total screw-up
who forced me to take care
of myself from day one.
Sasquatch is a part of me
that wants to kick his ass
and Roback's a part of me that
wants to fuck him.
Okay.
Why do we always fall for men
who remind us why we hate our fathers?
Oh. I love my father.
I'd be lucky to end up
with someone as good-hearted
and honest as him.
You suck as a girlfriend.
I'm used to being around guys.
This feels weird.
Took me a while to get used to it. too.
Girlfriend. pass that shit.
This weed is really fucking strong.
Got it from an LN translator
who had a crush on me.
Can you get more?
- Mm-mm.
- Why not?
He was targeted and
killed by the Taliban.
I like to smoke some every
once in a while in his memory.
I hope I am remembered like this.
Anyway.
good luck with Sasquatch.
And if you ever bounce back
to Roback. I'm okay with it.
You really don't give a shit. do you?
About what?
Anything.
Never really had the luxury.
I give a shit about too
much. especially men.
You're gonna be really good for me.
We'll see.
Got a sec?
Hey.
Please.
What?
I just wanted to say I
respect your decision. okay?
What decision?
To cool it with me.
No. not cooling it with you.
Ending it with you.
Yeah. whatever. Anyway. I get it.
I'll be married to Alvarez.
and that'll be that.
So what do you want from me?
I need you to convince
Sasquatch to fight my guy.
- Why?
- Because I'll be fucked if you don't.
and I believe you still care
about what happens to me.
If I ever mention your
name to Sasquatch.
he's gonna smell you all over me.
That's pretty hot.
Stop it.
Anything else?
Yeah.
While I respect your decision
not to see me anymore once I'm married.
the fact is. this moment in time.
I'm not married.
Jesus. yes! Oh. my God!
You're a fucking magician!
Oh. my God.
Wait. did you come?
I was a little busy
concentrating on you.
Oh. my God.
- You good?
- Mm-hmm.
How was it?
Different.
"Different"?
Different. Okay.
Hey. wait.
Is that it?
After that?
You gave me closure.
Correction: I gave you
the first ever vaginal orgasm
of your entire fucking life.
That's because this is
never gonna happen again.
It's all psychological. Trust me.
No. it's because we're great together.
Trust me.
Look... once I'm married to Alvarez.
we can do this all the time.
That's not gonna work for me.
Besides. if we get caught
she'll get deported.
and I don't want that to happen to her.
Why are you so concerned
about what happens
to her all of a sudden?
You two talking behind my back?
We don't have to do
shit behind your back.
'cause we have nothing to hide from you.
Should I be worried about you two?
I think you should be
worried about your fight.
'cause you're on your
own with Sasquatch. so
good luck.
Go.
Look. he's gonna kill
you if you don't leave.
Go!
Damn it. Boz.
At ease.
He's fine.
You okay?
I'm fine.
Awaiting your signature. sir.
Mm.
Can I ask you something?
Of course. sir.
Seeing as you're the one
requisitioning all the forms
for this Roback-Alvarez marriage.
does it smell legit to you?
I assume so. sir.
Good.
'cause my ass is hanging
out the wind here on it.
I just wanna make sure
it's not another one
of Roback's schemes.
And if it was?
Then it would be my pleasure
to hang his sorry neck from our flagpole
then make sure his corpse
biodegrades in a military prison.
It's for real. sir.
There have been rumors
about them for a while.
They're
kind of perfect for each
other. don't you think?
Wouldn't know anything about that.
but I am starting to have
regrets about it already.
Dismissed.
Yeah?
- Hi.
How you doin'?
Good.
So. you been talking to Durkin?
Yeah.
She's helping us with the
paperwork. remember?
What have you guys been talking about?
What do you think we talked about?
The forms we need to fill out
so you and I can get married.
That's all?
Okay.
I'm giving you one last
chance to back out.
Because
we're really getting married.
really gonna have to live together.
Really gonna have to
keep up appearances.
And then at some point we'll
really have to get divorced.
I'm all in on this.
I love you like a sister
and what's happening you
is just fucking wrong.
Plus. we're entering into this
with more of a connection to each other
than any real marriage
I've ever had the
misfortune of observing.
Thank you.
But...
now that we're putting it all out there.
there's an element of this whole thing
that's been bothering me.
Okay. what?
I mean. aren't you... aren't you
even a little attracted to me?
No.
Is that a problem?
No. I just...
And you're not attracted
to me at all. right?
That'd be like incest.
God help us.
We're gonna be fine.
Yeah.
Have you told your family?
Not yet.
How do you think they'll react?
Well my mom and my
sisters will love you.
and you'll love them.
What about your dad?
What are you gonna do to me?
You know. you think you're so
goddamn smarter than everybody else.
Fuck you!
What she and I do is none
of your fucking business.
You stay the fuck out
of my fucking business.
Swear to God. or I'll give
you a goddamn reason.
Me and my dad don't talk
very much anymore.
Sync & corrections by Costa Dax
www.addic7ed.com
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm